Clarify pod phase Terminating (#24986)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle.md

`Failed`    | All containers in the Pod have terminated, and at least one container has terminated in failure. That is, the container either exited with non-zero status or was terminated by the system.
`Unknown`   | For some reason the state of the Pod could not be obtained. This phase typically occurs due to an error in communicating with the node where the Pod should be running.

{{< note >}}

> By default, the `kubectl delete` command will result in a `Terminating` for 30 seconds in the pod. 
> This state does not belong to the pod life cycle. You can use `--force` to skip it.
> More info: [Forced Pod termination](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-termination-forced)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Pod is being deleted, it is shown as `Terminating` by some kubectl commands.
This `Terminating` status is not one of the Pod phases.

A Pod is granted a period to shut down gracefully which defaults to 30 seconds.
You can use the flag `--force` to [terminate a Pod by force](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-termination-forced).
```

Author: Done.
